Message-ID: <19672821.1075863592985.JavaMail.evans@thyme>
Date: Wed, ███████████ 07:49:00 -0700 (PDT)
From: █████████████████████
To: ██████████@enron.com, ██████████@enron.com, █████████████@enron.com, 
	█████████@enron.com
Subject: Update on Discussions between █████ and ███ Parties
Cc: ████████████@enron.com, ██████████@enron.com
████████████: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
█████████████████████████: 7bit
███: ████████████@enron.com, ██████████@enron.com
X-From: ███████████
X-To: ██████████, ██████████, █████████████, █████████
X-cc: ████████████, ██████████
X-bcc: 
X-Folder: \Robert_Badeer_Aug2000\Notes ███████████ documents
X-Origin: Badeer-R
X-FileName: rbadeer.nsf

Below is a summary of my SWPTF, █████ and ████████ meeting ███████████.  The 
meeting was very positive and it looks like we are getting traction on 
getting the ████████ to join the █████ as an option to continuing with █████.

Call me if you have questions

███████████    ████████████
---------------------- Forwarded by ███████████/Corp/█████ on ██████████ 
02:45 PM ---------------------------


█████████████ <████@tca-us.com> on 06/19/2000 02:37:50 AM
Please respond to ████@tca-us.com
To: ████████@caiso.com, █████████████████, ███████████████████, 
██████████@caiso.com, █████████████████████, ███████████████████████, 
█████@enron.com, ████████████@gen.pge.com, ███████████████████████, 
███@netwrx.net, ████████@coral-energy.com, ████████████@southernenergy.com, 
███████████████@southernenergy.com, ███████@seiworldwide.com, 
█████████@duke-energy.com, █████████@duke-energy.com, 
██████████@reliantenergy.com, ██████@bdrnet.com, ████@dynegy.com, 
████@dynegy.com, ██████████████████████, █████████@newenergy.com, 
█████████@newenergy.com, ██████████████████████████, ████████████@apses.com, 
█████████████████@apses.com, █████████@csllp.com, ████@rt66.com, 
████████@ci.scottsdale.az.us, ██████████@aps.com, ██████████████@aps.com, 
████████████@pwenergy.com, █████████@tucsonelectric.com, 
█████@tucsonelectric.com, ██████████████████████████, ███████@pnm.com, 
███████@pnm.com, ██████████████████████, ██████████@us.pwcglobal.com, 
████████████████@us.pwcglobal.com, ███████@rwbeck.com
cc:  

Subject: Update on Discussions between █████ and ███ Parties


The purpose of this e-mail is to update the recipients on the status of
the discussions that have been taking place, between the █████ and
████████████████ market participants and transmission owners, on the
possible merger of the ██████████ and ████████████████ regions into a
single ███.

On ██████, a meeting was held in ███████ to discuss the terms under
which various parties would seriously consider a proposal for
consolidation of ██████████ and the ███ under a single ███ operated by
the █████.  This was the second meeting that was held to discuss this
idea.  Represented were the █████, ███, ███, ███, ███, ███, ███ES,
█████████, █████, ███████, ████████, Southern, Duke, ██████, and ███.

The issues that were discussed included the █████'s ability to implement
the major components of the █████ commercial model, the changes that
would need to be made in the █████'s governance and internal structure,
and costs.

The parties at the meeting were generally in favor of:  (i)
consolidating the existing control areas into a single control area as
soon as possible, (ii) migrating to a common set of market protocols on
a fairly rapid basis, (iii) creating a single, independent, ███
governing board with no bias in favor of either ██████████ or the ██████
Southwest region, and (iv) migrating from a regional advisory committee
structure to a single advisory committee structure as soon as possible,
to avoid balkanization and accelerate convergence.  Most parties felt
that there were, at this time, no "show-stoppers" on most of the issues.

For many of the participants, the most significant outstanding questions
were: (i) the costs (both $/MWh and cost shifts) that ████████████████
parties would incur under the consolidation scenario, and (ii) timing -
i.e., whether the necessary implementation, governance and
organizational changes could be put into place by a target date of █████████.

It was agreed that the next step was for the █████, working with
interested parties, to provide a tentative implementation cost (both
with and without consolidation of ███ control areas, but in both cases
with independent procurement and operation of ancillary services).

The agreed-upon Action Plan was as follows:

█████████████ to develop list of questions which need to be answered to
enable it to develop a cost estimate

█████████████████ respond to the list of questions generated at the ████
5 meeting

████ 16:  █████ to be provided with responses to the █████'s list of
questions

████ 16: Transmission owners to provide to the █████ their definition of
the scenario(s) that they desire the █████ to consider in developing its
cost estimate

█████████████████████████ cost estimate

███████: Meeting in ███████ to discuss the cost estimate, address any
additional questions, and discuss the viability and possible contents of
a Memorandum of Understanding (███)

██████████████████ from all interested parties regarding their desire to
move forward

█████████: Assuming a positive outcome on ███████, meeting to discuss
finalization of an ███ which would address the commitments of the
parties, market structure, changes in governance, organizational goals,
priorities and structures, etc.

Status:  The first four items above are close to completion.   The █████
has sent a list of technical questions to █████████████ and ██ is
completing a response.  The █████ is completing its response to the list
of questions it received on ██████.  The interested transmission owners
have defined the scenarios that they wish to see considered by the
█████.

When all of these documents are finalized, which I expect to occur in
the next ████████, I will forward them to all of the addresses.

If you have any questions, please give call me at 510-558-1456.

█████████████
